			   How to read PAME
			   ================

The book "Programming Algol 68 Made Easy" is made available as a TeX
source file. If you find any errors, please send details to the
author whose email address is <algol68@sleitch.nildram.co.uk>. Also,
if you do make any changes, please mark the text with a TeX comment
to that effect. The book is copyright (C) 2000, 2001, 2002 Sian
Leitch and is subject to the GNU General Public License version 2 (or
any later version).

After the book has been compiled to a DVI file (see the Makefile),
you should use the following command to call `xdvi' (for a screen
with resolution of 800x600, use a geometry of 420x600, preferably
remove the buttons with the command `x', adjust the position with the
scrollbars, and then key `1k' to keep the page at that position when
you change pages):-

xdvi -hl chartreuse3 -offsets 0.5 -geometry 600x740 -paper a5 pame.dvi

When the book is displayed by `xdvi', click on the button giving the
smallest shrinkage percentage.  When you have a page
with an arabic page number, say `2', in `xdvi' key the command

   2P

(notice the capital `P') which will tell `xdvi' that the current
page is page 2. You can then go to a specific page n by keying the
command

   ng

For example: to go to page 223, key `223g'. See the `xdvi' man page
for other keyboard commands.

The book contains clickable hyperlinks which are shown as underlined
in chartreuse3 (if you used the above `xdvi' command).  If you
left-click on such a link, you will be instantly transported to its
destination. If you middle-click on such a link, a NEW `xdvi' window
will be opened showing the destination link. You will have to choose
the shrink button as before.  Note that the `Back' button will take
you to the source of any hyperlink jump. For example, if you are
reading the text and you notice a link to another part, if you jump
to the link and then want to return to where you are, simply click on
the `Back' button (or key `B').

At the bottom of each page, you will find a link to the start of the
contents on the left and a link to the start of the index on the
right.

Sian Leitch
Inverness
Scotland
BP21308-06-06
